[docs] add an example using deps in airbyte docs (#15458)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/integrations/airbyte-cloud.mdx

)
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem name="Without an I/O manager">

> In this case, we have an Airbyte connection which is storing data in the `stargazers` table in our Snowflake warehouse. Since we are not using an I/O manager to fetch the data in downstream assets, we will use `deps` to define dependencies. Then within the downstream asset, we can fetch the data if necessary or launch other commands that work with data in external processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, we have an Airbyte connection that stores data in the `stargazers` table in our Snowflake warehouse. Since we are not using an I/O manager to fetch the data in downstream assets, we will use `deps` to define dependencies. Then within the downstream asset, we can fetch the data if necessary or launch other commands that work with data in external processes.
```

Suggesting active voice - sorry if this feels nitpicky!

Author: not at all!
